Book,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Book,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Book,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Book,edition,Max,1,Thing
Book,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Book,sqndsqgy,only,Date
Book,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
Book,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
Book,publisher,Max,1,Thing
Book,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
Book,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,dzbn,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,pages,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,collection,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,zand,exactly,1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
InProceedings,pages,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,zassdzadb,exactly,1,Thing
InProceedings,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,edition,Max,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,organization,Max,1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,YuEma,only,Article
qsdsquj,firstPublished,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,publisher,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,sdxsndxsqg,only,string
qsdsquj,dsza,only,string
qsdsquj,dszabdza,only,string
qsdsquj,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
dsqdbz,rest,only,dsqdbz
dsqdbz,rest,only,null
dsqdbz,rest,exactly,1,Thing
dsqdbz,first,only,Person
dsqdbz,first,exactly,1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
Article,pages,Max 1,Thing
Article,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Article,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
Article,ndsbzh,Max,1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,only,Date
Article,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
Article,sxqsnbvsq,exactly,1,Thing
Article,pages,exactly,1,Thing
Article,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Deliverable,zandsbh,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,sbqgzga,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,dznbaln,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,sqndsqgy,Max,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,ndsbzh,Max,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,only,Date
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,hsgiuyza,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Address,zdzndh,only,string
Address,zdzndh,Max,1,Thing
Address,zdnzadh,only,string
Address,zdnzadh,Max,1,Thing
Address,country,only,string
Address,country,Max,1,Thing
Institution,qzd,Max,1,Thing
Institution,dsza,exactly,1,Thing
Institution,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dzajndsq,chapters,only,dzqndbzq
Date,dznadzh,only,gDay
Date,dznadzh,Max,1,Thing
Date,month,only,gMonth
Date,month,Max,1,Thing
Date,year,only,gYear
Date,year,exactly,1,Thing
sqxsqkd,parts,only,dcsqdcsqd
sqxsqkd,chapters,only,dzqndbzq
Unpublished,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,zdsnsqdv,Min,1,Thing
Unpublished,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Unpublished,zand,exactly,1,Thing
zqedzbx,location,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,sqnzkzn,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,dsza,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,organizer,only,Institution
zqedzbx,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
PageRange,mkalnshsq,exactly,1,Thing
PageRange,startPage,exactly,1,Thing
Part,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Part,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Part,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Part,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Part,pages,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,organization,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,dzajj,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,event,only,zqedzbx
zdqssqdb,event,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,PrSGUs,only,InProceedings
vccfsq,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,book,exactly,1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Min,1,Thing
vccfsq,zand,exactly,1,Thing
