Proceedings,organization,Max,1,Thing
Proceedings,dzajj,Max,1,Thing
Proceedings,event,only,zqedzbx
Proceedings,event,Max,1,Thing
Proceedings,PrSGUs,only,InProceedings
Chapter,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
Chapter,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
Institution,qzd,Max,1,Thing
Institution,dsza,exactly,1,Thing
Institution,name,exactly,1,Thing
Manual,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
Manual,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Manual,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Manual,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Manual,edition,Max,1,Thing
Manual,organization,Max,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,pages,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,collection,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Unpublished,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,zdsnsqdv,Min,1,Thing
Unpublished,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Unpublished,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Article,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
Article,pages,Max 1,Thing
Article,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
Article,number,Max,1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,only,Date
Article,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
Article,sxqsnbvsq,exactly,1,Thing
Article,pages,exactly,1,Thing
Article,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dsqdbz,rest,only,dsqdbz
dsqdbz,rest,only,null
dsqdbz,rest,exactly,1,Thing
dsqdbz,first,only,Person
dsqdbz,first,exactly,1,Thing
Address,zdzndh,only,string
Address,zdzndh,Max,1,Thing
Address,zdnzadh,only,string
Address,zdnzadh,Max,1,Thing
Address,country,only,string
Address,country,Max,1,Thing
Deliverable,zandsbh,Max,1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,number,Max,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,only,Date
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,institution,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Date,day,only,gDay
Date,day,Max,1,Thing
Date,month,only,gMonth
Date,month,Max,1,Thing
Date,year,only,gYear
Date,year,exactly,1,Thing
qsdsquj,YuEma,only,Article
qsdsquj,firstPublished,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,publisher,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,sdxsndxsqg,only,string
qsdsquj,dsza,only,string
qsdsquj,name,only,string
qsdsquj,name,exactly,1,Thing
zqedzbx,location,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,sqnzkzn,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,dsza,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,organizer,only,Institution
zqedzbx,name,exactly,1,Thing
vccfsq,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,book,exactly,1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Min,1,Thing
vccfsq,zand,exactly,1,Thing
sqdsq,humanCreator,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,dznbaln,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,sqndsqgy,Max,1,Thing
sqxsqkd,parts,only,dcsqdcsqd
sqxsqkd,chapters,only,Chapter
InProceedings,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
InProceedings,pages,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,proceedings,exactly,1,Thing
InProceedings,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Book,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
Book,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Book,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Book,edition,Max,1,Thing
Book,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Book,sqndsqgy,only,Date
Book,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
Book,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
Book,publisher,Max,1,Thing
Book,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
Book,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,school,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,zand,exactly,1,Thing
PageRange,endPage,exactly,1,Thing
PageRange,startPage,exactly,1,Thing
Monograph,chapters,only,Chapter
Part,humanCreator,Max 1,Thing
Part,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Part,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Part,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Part,pages,Max,1,Thing
