dsqdbz,rest,only,dsqdbz
dsqdbz,rest,only,null
dsqdbz,rest,exactly,1,Thing
dsqdbz,first,only,Person
dsqdbz,first,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,dzbn,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dzajndsq,chapters,only,dzqndbzq
Article,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
Article,pages,Max 1,Thing
Article,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
Article,ndsbzh,Max,1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,only,dzshyuua
Article,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
Article,sxqsnbvsq,exactly,1,Thing
Article,pages,exactly,1,Thing
Article,zand,exactly,1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zajdhqs,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
zajdhqs,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
zajdhqs,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
zajdhqs,sdsqddz,Max,1,Thing
zajdhqs,zand,exactly,1,Thing
zajdhqs,sqndsqgy,only,dzshyuua
zajdhqs,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
zajdhqs,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
zajdhqs,sddnsnqdb,Max,1,Thing
zajdhqs,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
zajdhqs,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
sqdsq,sbqgzga,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,dznbaln,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,sqndsqgy,Max,1,Thing
sqdsopq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
sqdsopq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
sqdsopq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
sqdsopq,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
sqdsopq,pages,Max,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,sdsqddz,Max,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,organization,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,YuEma,only,Article
qsdsquj,firstPublished,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,sddnsnqdb,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,sdxsndxsqg,only,string
qsdsquj,dsza,only,string
qsdsquj,dszabdza,only,string
qsdsquj,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
dzshyuua,dznadzh,only,gDay
dzshyuua,dznadzh,Max,1,Thing
dzshyuua,asndzsd,only,gMonth
dzshyuua,asndzsd,Max,1,Thing
dzshyuua,year,only,gYear
dzshyuua,year,exactly,1,Thing
izxnquo,qzd,Max,1,Thing
izxnquo,dsza,exactly,1,Thing
izxnquo,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,zdjznzn,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,sqnzkzn,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,dsza,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,sdnsbh,only,izxnquo
zqedzbx,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
sqxsqkd,TfniY,only,dcsqdcsqd
sqxsqkd,chapters,only,dzqndbzq
InProceedings,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
InProceedings,pages,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,zassdzadb,exactly,1,Thing
InProceedings,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Deliverable,zandsbh,Max,1,Thing
zeadza,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
zeadza,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
zeadza,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
zeadza,zdsnsqdv,Min,1,Thing
zeadza,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zeadza,zand,exactly,1,Thing
vccfsq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,book,exactly,1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Min,1,Thing
vccfsq,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,pages,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sqnbyz,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,ndsbzh,Max,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,only,dzshyuua
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,hsgiuyza,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,zand,exactly,1,Thing
PageRange,mkalnshsq,exactly,1,Thing
PageRange,startPage,exactly,1,Thing
Address,zdzndh,only,string
Address,zdzndh,Max,1,Thing
Address,zdnzadh,only,string
Address,zdnzadh,Max,1,Thing
Address,zadszabnds,only,string
Address,zadszabnds,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,organization,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,dzajj,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,event,only,zqedzbx
zdqssqdb,event,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,PrSGUs,only,InProceedings
