dcsqdsq,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdsq,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,edition,Max,1,Thing
dcsqdsq,organization,Max,1,Thing
Date,dznadzh,only,gDay
Date,dznadzh,Max,1,Thing
Date,month,only,gMonth
Date,month,Max,1,Thing
Date,year,only,gYear
Date,year,exactly,1,Thing
zadazxn,qzd,Max 1,Thing
zadazxn,dsza,exactly 1,Thing
zadazxn,dszabdza,exactly 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,zand,exactly 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,zsbdgz,Max 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,edition,Max 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,sqndsqgy,exactly 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,sqndsqgy,only,Date
zdqssqdb,publisher,Max 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,dszbnz,Max 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
zdqssqdb,organization,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,dzajj,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,event,only,zqedzbx
zdqssqdb,event,Max,1,Thing
zdqssqdb,PrSGUs,only,InProceedings
Book,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Book,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Book,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Book,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Book,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Book,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
Book,edition,Max,1,Thing
Book,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
Book,sqndsqgy,only,Date
Book,publisher,Max,1,Thing
Book,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
xsqlknk,sqndsqgy,exactly 1,Thing
xsqlknk,dzbn,exactly 1,Thing
xsqlknk,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
xsqlknk,zand,exactly 1,Thing
xsqlknk,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
xsqlknk,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
xsqlknk,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Institution,qzd,Max,1,Thing
Institution,dsza,exactly,1,Thing
Institution,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
dscdscg,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dscdscg,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dscdscg,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
InProceedings,pages,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
InProceedings,zassdzadb,exactly,1,Thing
InProceedings,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Booklet,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
Booklet,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Booklet,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Booklet,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
qsdsnbsqd,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zqedzbx,location,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,sqnzkzn,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,dsza,Max,1,Thing
zqedzbx,organizer,only,Institution
zqedzbx,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
Article,pages,Max 1,Thing
Article,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Article,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Article,zsbdgz,Max,1,Thing
Article,ndsbzh,Max,1,Thing
Article,sqndsqgy,only,Date
Article,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
Article,sxqsnbvsq,exactly,1,Thing
Article,pages,exactly,1,Thing
Article,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,ndsbzh,Max,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,only,Date
dqzdxdcsqj,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,hsgiuyza,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
dqzdxdcsqj,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,pages,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,collection,exactly,1,Thing
dcsqdcsqd,zand,exactly,1,Thing
LectureNotes,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
LectureNotes,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
LectureNotes,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
LectureNotes,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
PhdThesis,sqndsqgy,exactly 1,Thing
PhdThesis,dzbn,exactly 1,Thing
PhdThesis,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
PhdThesis,zand,exactly 1,Thing
PhdThesis,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
PhdThesis,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
PhdThesis,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dsqdbz,rest,only,dsqdbz
dsqdbz,rest,only,null
dsqdbz,rest,exactly,1,Thing
dsqdbz,first,only,Person
dsqdbz,first,exactly,1,Thing
zauio,qzd,Max 1,Thing
zauio,dsza,exactly 1,Thing
zauio,dszabdza,exactly 1,Thing
Unpublished,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
Unpublished,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Unpublished,zdsnsqdv,Min,1,Thing
Unpublished,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Unpublished,zand,exactly,1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
dzqndbzq,pages,Max 1,Thing
dzqndbzq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dzqndbzq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
dzqndbzq,dsazdjz,Max,1,Thing
dzajndsq,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
dzajndsq,zand,exactly 1,Thing
dzajndsq,zsbdgz,Max 1,Thing
dzajndsq,edition,Max 1,Thing
dzajndsq,sqndsqgy,exactly 1,Thing
dzajndsq,sqndsqgy,only,Date
dzajndsq,publisher,Max 1,Thing
dzajndsq,dszbnz,Max 1,Thing
dzajndsq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
dzajndsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
dzajndsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
dzajndsq,chapters,only,dzqndbzq
sdcsqhyz,ndsbzh,Max 1,Thing
sdcsqhyz,sqndsqgy,only,Date
sdcsqhyz,sqndsqgy,exactly 1,Thing
sdcsqhyz,hsgiuyza,exactly 1,Thing
sdcsqhyz,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
sdcsqhyz,zand,exactly 1,Thing
sdcsqhyz,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
sdcsqhyz,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
sdcsqhyz,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
sqdsq,sbqgzga,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,dznbaln,Max,1,Thing
sqdsq,sqndsqgy,Max,1,Thing
PageRange,mkalnshsq,exactly,1,Thing
PageRange,startPage,exactly,1,Thing
Misc,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Misc,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Misc,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Address,zdzndh,only,string
Address,zdzndh,Max,1,Thing
Address,zdnzadh,only,string
Address,zdnzadh,Max,1,Thing
Address,country,only,string
Address,country,Max,1,Thing
zdazsx,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
zdazsx,sqndsqgy,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,dzbn,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
zdazsx,zand,exactly,1,Thing
Part,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Part,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Part,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Part,dznbaln,exactly,1,Thing
Part,pages,Max,1,Thing
Deliverable,ndsbzh,Max 1,Thing
Deliverable,sqndsqgy,only,Date
Deliverable,sqndsqgy,exactly 1,Thing
Deliverable,hsgiuyza,exactly 1,Thing
Deliverable,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
Deliverable,zand,exactly 1,Thing
Deliverable,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
Deliverable,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
Deliverable,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
Deliverable,zandsbh,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,YuEma,only,Article
qsdsquj,firstPublished,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,dszbnz,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,publisher,Max,1,Thing
qsdsquj,sdxsndxsqg,only,string
qsdsquj,dsza,only,string
qsdsquj,dszabdza,only,string
qsdsquj,dszabdza,exactly,1,Thing
sqxsqkd,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,zand,exactly 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,zsbdgz,Max 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,edition,Max 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,sqndsqgy,exactly 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,sqndsqgy,only,Date
sqxsqkd,publisher,Max 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,dszbnz,Max 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
sqxsqkd,parts,only,dcsqdcsqd
sqxsqkd,chapters,only,dzqndbzq
vccfsq,dznbaln,exactly 1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,sbqgzga,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,dznbaln,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,sqndsqgy,Max 1,Thing
vccfsq,book,exactly,1,Thing
vccfsq,pages,Min,1,Thing
vccfsq,zand,exactly,1,Thing
